- Hi guys, how's it going, Anne here,
and today I have another fun
DIY project for back to school
since it's back to school season,
that's what we're going
to be doing this month.
So today, I'm going to show you guys
a really fun and cool way on how you can
organize all of your school supplies,
mostly your pencils, your
pens, and your markers,
and the great thing about
this DIY is that you
can take things from your home,
recycle, re-purpose them
into this awesome organizer.
So, all you will need for this DIY is
a old plastic bottle, and I will be
re-purposing my old pair of jeans,
you can also re-purpose any
other old clothing items
you have at home.
Next you will need some shoe
laces and a hot glue gun.
So let's go ahead and get started.
Alright guys, so before we do anything,
make sure to clean your bottles.
Starting with one bottle,
tape it down to your table
so that way it can give you
a nice and secure way to cut.
I'm using the top line around
my bottle as my cutting guide.
After you cut off the
funnel part of your bottle,
put it to the side.
Now it's time to cut
off a piece of fabric.
I'm using the leg opening
of my older jeans,
and I'm cutting about 11
inches from the hem line up.
This is more than what I need,
but because I will be folding down
a little loop in order
to insert my draw string,
it's always good to
cut more than you need.
Alright, so lay down your fabric
with the right side facing upward at you,
then lay down the bottom
of your bottle just like so
and glue the center to the edge.
Now glue the rest of the
fabric around the bottle.
If you have any fabric left over,
just snip it off and glue
the seams in together.
Just do this to the bottom
part and not the top part
because you will need
to flip this inside out.
Make sure the glue is set and dry
and then turn this inside out.
It's now time to attach the draw string.
What you want to do is
lay the draw string in
and fold the fabric over.
You're going to fold in
about one to two inches.
Glue the fabric together,
and let the ends of the draw
string peak out on both sides.
Glue the rest of the seams together
and make sure to just leave enough space
where the draw strings are peaking out
so that way you can tie it together.
Before using this, make sure
that all the glue is set and dry.
Alright guys, that is it for today.
I really love how this turned out,
and just like with all of my DIY's,
you can personalize this
to however way you'd like.
You can add decorative
tape on the bottom of this
or metallic polka dots,
it would look really cute.
There's so much you can do,
you can use a different plastic bottle,
this is just what I have in my home.
So just be creative, you know,
think of all the
possibilities that you can use
to make this DIY.
So if you guys enjoyed this,
don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up
for fun and creative DIY's,
and also if you guys haven't subscribed,
click on the subscribe
button below, it's free.
By clicking the subscription button below,
you guys will see more of my videos
on your subscription page.
Other than that, you
guys can also follow me
on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram
if you have any other questions,
or if you guys would like to
tag me on your recreations.
Thank you so much for watching
and I will see you guys next weekend.
Ciao.